Flake8 to ruff (#2630)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: CONTRIBUTING.md

PyBaMM follows the [PEP8 recommendations](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) for coding style. These are very common guidelines, and community tools have been developed to check how well projects implement them. We recommend using pre-commit hooks to check your code before committing it. See [installing and using pre-commit](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#installing-and-using-pre-commit) section for more details.

### Ruff

We use [ruff](https://github.com/charliermarsh/ruff) to check our PEP8 adherence. To try this on your system, navigate to the PyBaMM directory in a console and type

```bash
python -m pip install pre-commit
pre-commit run ruff
```

> ruff is configured inside the file `pre-comit.yaml`, allowing us to ignore some errors. If you think this should be added or removed, please submit an [issue](#issues)

Author: ```suggestion
ruff is configured inside the file `pre-commit-config.yaml`, allowing us to ignore some errors. If you think this should be added or removed, please submit an [issue](#issues)
```
